DKP Insights first draft (#4225)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/DKP-insight/licensing/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
beta: false
navigationTitle: Insight licensing
title: Insight licensing
excerpt: Insight licensing
menuWeight: 20
beta: true
enterprise: false
---

> For this initial release, DKP Insight is provided by default with no other action or purchase required on your part. However, future releases will require an add-on trial license or Enterprise license.

Reviewer: I think we should be very careful about what we say about 'future releases' because they have a habit of changing before they ship...   I prefer weasel words like 'may' to 'will'.   Also, we may decide to package this differently.   I suggest we paint with a broad brush here,  I don't see any benefit in being specific about exactly what licenses might be required in the future.

Also, can I disable Insights if I can't afford the resources for it or don't find it useful?

```suggestion
For this initial release, DKP Insights is provided by default with no other action or purchase required on your part. However, future releases may require additional licenses.
```

Author: @kanna823 - Are we okay to remove this for now? I know you said we're definitely ONLY offering Tech Preview for 2.2 and then the plan is to have customers purchase a license moving forward, but is that absolutely for sure in future versions? Craig is right here, we're better off not saying anything if we're not 100% certain what's coming in next releases.

Reviewer 2: yes, we can remove it.

Reviewer 2: disabling insights in a k8s cluster will be added in DKP 2.3 release

> For this initial release, DKP Insight is provided by default with no other action or purchase required on your part. However, future releases will require an add-on trial license or Enterprise license.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For this initial release, DKP Insights is provided by default with no other action or purchase required on your part. However, future releases will require an add-on trial license or Enterprise license.
```

> For this initial release, DKP Insight is provided by default with no other action or purchase required on your part. However, future releases will require an add-on trial license or Enterprise license.

Author: ```suggestion
For this initial release, DKP Insights is provided by default with no other action or purchase required on your part. However, future releases will require an add-on trial license or Enterprise license.
```
